Based on this visualization, we will an analysis:
- **Age** : We see how the risk of suffering cardiovascular diseases [CVD](https://www.nhsinform.scot/illnesses-and-conditions/heart-and-blood-vessels/conditions/cardiovascular-disease#:~:text=Cardiovascular%20disease%20(CVD)%20is%20a,artery%20hardening%20and%20narrowing%20(atherosclerosis))  increases with age.
- **Sex** : Apparently the men have a major risk than women of suffering CVDs.
- **ChestPainType** : The majority cases of CVDs present absence of chest pain or the usual anginal equivalents. Followed by the cases that present chest pain non-anginal.
- **RestingBP** : According to the heart.org's article, the high blood pressure can drive to suffering CVDs. We see in this histogram a slight increase in the CVDs cases when increase the resting blood pressure. Let's observe that exists zero values of blood pressure, this it is incorrect we must treat them.
- **Cholesterol** : It is well known that a high level of cholesterol can lead to stroke, heart attack, or even heart failure. However, according to the [Heatline's article](https://www.healthline.com/health/serum-cholesterol) not all serum cholesterol is bad, exist three cholesterol types that compose a serum cholesterol, HDL or 'good' cholesterol, LDL or 'bad' cholesterol and triglycerides(TG), where high HDL levels are better than high LDL and TG levels. The level of serum cholesterol (SC) can be calculated like the sum between levels of HDL, LDL and TG, SC[mm/dl] = HDL[mm/dl] + LDL[mm/dl] + TG[mm/dl], note that we don't know the concentrations of HDL, LDL and TG in serum cholesterol of our dataset, but Heatline get us a reference level to determinate when a pacient have risk of suffering CDVs. A serum cholesterol major than 200 mm/dl is considered a risk factor for health, let'us in our histogram that majority cases of CVDs have major levels that 200 mm/dl. In other hand, let's observe that exists zero values and value too high (atypical cases) of serum cholesterol, this it is incorrect we must treat them.
- **FastingBS** : According to [CDC's](https://www.cdc.gov/diabetes/library/features/diabetes-and-heart.html#:~:text=Over%20time%2C%20high%20blood%20sugar,and%20can%20damage%20artery%20walls.) article, high blood sugar can damage blood vessels and the nerves that control your heart. For this reason is that patients with diabetes have most risk of suffering CVDs. Our dataset reflect this condition, where the majority of patients with high blood sugar have CVDs.
- **RestingECG** : The majority cases of patients with CVDs present normal resting electrocardiograms, but we observe that in the cases that present ST-T wave abnormality (T wave inversions and/or ST elevation or depression of > 0.05 mV) the amount of patients with CVDs are two times more than patientes that not suffering CVDs, something similar occurs with cases that present probable or definite left ventricular hypertrophy but to a lesser degree.
- **MaxHR** : we don't know the conditions in which they were measured this values, so we can't talk about if this values can be to correct. The truth is that patients with CVDs present low values of maximum heart rate, while that patients with normal conditions present values more high.
- **ExerciseAngina** : Angina is chest pain or discomfort caused when your heart muscle doesn't get enough oxygen-rich blood. But angina is not a disease. It's a symptom of an underlying heart problem, and for this reason that the majority of patients with CVDs present exercise-induced angina.
- **Oldpeak** : Also called ST segment depression is a factor that relationed with several CVD, but in some cases this depression can be normal. We can observe that patients with CVDs present high values of depression, though also some patients with CVDs present zero values of depression.
- **ST_slope** : According to [Ecgwaves's article](https://ecgwaves.com/topic/ecg-st-segment-depression-ischemia-infarction-differential-diagnoses/), upsloping ST segment can be generally considered like normal, but so much flat or horizontal ST segment and dowsloping ST segment can be considered like anomalies, and they are present in the majority cases of patients with CVDs as reflected by our histogram.
